(The morning of the photo shooting day for their repackage album!)
(They got a new hairstyle!)
Kim Lip: Hello~
Choerry: Long time no see!
Kim Lip: We are back with a repackage album!
JinSoul: It’s an extreme makeover for us
Choerry: Is it okay?
JinSoul: And we all are wearing color lenses
Kim Lip: Well, probably we seem like we don’t changed a lot…
JinSoul: But we tried.
JinSoul: We wanted to be shocking…
JinSoul: And this is that kind of photo shooting for our repackage album…
Kim Lip: Anyway, we’re going to try our best today!
Way to go!
(OEC repackaged special episodes for LOOΠΔ TV are coming too!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"